[Music]
my favorite topics is shortcuts the
master of shortcuts it's of course
nature but I will demonstrate different
ways to get you to get rid of the
difficulties and go to the point to find
an answer probably much quicker than I
offer did so because first we violate
the common sense the logic all of you if
you hold your hand like this 90 degrees
all of you not you all of you right palm
up if you do this the common the logic
say you must turn the wrist you agree
good but I will first teach you a method
how you can do it without moving the
wrist and then the shortcut you can do
it immediately right hold the hand like
this palm up don't move the wrist the
wrist is I doesn't speak very many but I
know the best what I are right molded
you say wood iron that was yoke actually
and I okay hold the hand palm up do this
don't move the wrist over the heart
don't move the wrist forward don't move
the wrist up don't move the wrist over
the heart don't go there is a forward
yeah
now
logic not agree you have got to this
position from this without pulling the
wrist
now the shortcut but it was six six
moves now it one move I start here palm
down you can follow and then look at me
yes okay
so that girls are warming up
now I need an assistant
I talked to a nice girl before Sooey
she's left know a big hand good right
and you can sit over there
when I team here it was water right and
I will give my tribute to water I think
it's enough water for me the other guys
can talk about Cheers
beer has about the loss of water in beer
so now I will demonstrate different ways
of memorizing control cards and so on
and attic attic of this room I work with
a special method to do it quick I work
with precision oh sorry
and control
and and a very powerful memory system
right so if I have studied the poop like
together officially I don't gamble but
so if we are if we have a five person
and I will do a five handed poker game
now I will interact so different person
all the time so not the same person can
answer so we have an agreement which one
shall have a good program which number
one two three four or five three good
and here I had a match here to make it
little the critical moment is sorry if
account shark
gather the card together immediately
when he before he did the car now so I
think number three
I have arranged them in a full house
with Queens and is again Queens and tens
that's a challenge I like this I will
explain it one two three four five I
start with three Queens so here you see
the contrast when I treat the guards and
2/10 yeah
that also the other hand is good if all
the other guys has good hands - so these
guys have has actually a stronger hand
three aces and two kings this guy beats
them with two four of a kind of those
two no reaction that look even okay and
this this look in order and hopefully
yeah three four five six seven
but of course I will have the winning
hand ten Jack Queen King thanks yeah so
so the hand that looks so good from the
beginning number three at the end was
actually the lowest hand such life right
so please mix them now if you are
interested I will demonstrate some
underground techniques yes I work with
kind of estimation shuffle tracking ah
good yeah it's impressive thank you
so first the first term is estimation
here I can estimate exactly how many
college I put between the my royal flush
of course I can count the car but this
is much quickly right you agree so here
I have actually and I know exactly where
the cars are so here I can make a bet
and this is actually one of the point
where I get my money
so here 10 Jack Queen King ace okay next
is a turn I do it quick I could is
stealing so here I think I knew about
where the cops are I will spread the
cards and you say stop we're not pointed
to them right point stop here you see
some are missing and that's the stealing
cards which I did
okay
now another term called shuffle tracking
shuffle tracking means I keep track of
the counts even if another person
person-- shuffle this is a little risky
so because if you look now I can still
see it you agree but if you square
square and shuffle and it's any kind so
here to follow my cards
I must look at the shuttle from the big
ah you have thought it okay it's okay
yeah no no no it's fine yeah good here I
have to calculate but actually I don't
like the calculate I work direct with
the right plane if you pass the left
brain you have to take care of logic and
common sense directing the right plane
that's much better
I saw
author Benjamin did a little of the same
thing
and if you work with in the right
atmosphere with humor you have you
that's the password to the cosmic bank
of knowledge where you can find any
solution of any problem okay now I drop
the cards and you say stop anywhere
right
not at the last door yeah when I'm sober
I do this much quicker but we will check
are not in order that was a mistake
no I'm kidding no now and then I put in
a mistake just to emphasize how
difficult it is right yeah last night I
forgot that that was a mistake but now
I'm glad I remember it so this steak is
both here sorry I have a little pad to
make it a little softer
this deck is bought here in America it's
called bicycle and this deck is very
flexible not but not so many people know
if you check if you press at the at the
right at the right spots you see how
thin and flexible this deck is right now
you can carry this in your wallet so you
don't see neck no reaction so but here
and it's the camera I getting too much
now
bond and then when we will have it back
you do this but not too much then you
have to push it down again here please
if you push these hips everyone see push
them together they are really interlace
right
yeah good perfect
just push themself good thank you and
then I will demonstrate a thing from a
Russian satellite stealin stolen
probably copied from America we receive
here shortcuts I talk about shortcuts
now I go very quick through the deck and
try to find some pattern the new chaos
theory is already old right but you know
I think you're familiar with the
familiar with fractals the Mandelbrot
spirals and all these things and it's
much easier to memorize cards in a
patterned way and not concentrate if you
concentrate and calculate then you go to
the then it's the left brain but if you
just look and talk in another language
yeah right I think I have it
so now different persons older please
name any card anyone jack of spades jack
of spades
i think jack of spades is number 12 from
the top 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 20 yes
right Oh black of spades
you said spades my fault don't upload
this was clubs so jack of spades I think
23:24 sorry
20 4 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15
16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 25 yes mr.
Leight now I do it quicker better okay
another person oh I forgot to that I
shouldn't just rip it doesn't actually
my technique is to peek all the time
when I leave the heap I peek
you see yeah perfect 3 4 5 6 then I
calculate yeah good another person
another cod 7 of diamonds perfect my
favorite yeah so I will do it quick very
quick but in slow motion so you can
follow 7 of diamonds good I start here
[Applause]
good
the thing I did a peaked and oh I didn't
under weather car were there not Chilton
so another person another call another
person put henna battles yeah I think I
do it the same way I like to so I know
where it is
ten of diamonds good now do it the
regular speed right maybe you accept so
thank you another person another code
for five of clubs it's not the same
person even if it's the same spot we can
take some over there later so now I
would drop the couch and you say stop
anywhere got it
five of clubs not the less yeah that's
difficult to find the code here we do it
again the person who said five
interrupts say stop when the cars are in
the air right very good
okay
okay I have to use a little force there
I think we saved five of clubs and now a
card with the contrast of fiber clubs
Queen of Hearts yeah excellent
I love their cars here I will do the
most difficult thing for example you
have you are sitting in Las Vegas and
you're betting and you let the other
guys pick this card by mystic feel it's
just the regular one called and now when
I lift this car it should be you card
what was your card Queen of Queen of
Hearts so that's a tough challenge right
so here I grab you know these five of
clubs and queen of ours yes this is a
tough one because here I must take
advantage of I put a switch it with five
of clubs so now a false count which
count shall I use Queen or five Queen
yeah so I use the Queen and here is five
of clubs the false count to any number 1
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 you say the same card all
the time right nine ten
this is a kind of optical deal right
when I put one card at a table
look it's not one card it's look it's a
bunch of card that gives this in a
impression yeah
now some hard stuff I think we keep the
Queen here yes now to the satellites
things this up sorry don't look at the B
my phone
this is a high-frequency laser
and it's enough with a fraction of a
second to destroy the retina completely
right I shoulda mentioned that yeah but
you can relax because it takes half an
hour before it works so you have plenty
of time to see my whole performance now
I put the laser here
and now when I did the cards in the
laser I know whether but yes did the
camera go there no they didn't what
happened okay I'll take another group do
the Commerce see there the calls now no
but you see the hand I got you're good
but now so now that was the reason right
you see the cops yes yeah good
now
one guy left so now to find the Queen -
this way to expect the other one take
back the Queen yeah interesting a little
dangerous
[Applause]
I liked it now a little more difficult
name anyone name please any suits spades
spades good
so here here I have to peek
lots of course I think there are lots of
I don't know how many but 10 15 spades
in an Internet at least right so every
time I leave to heap a peek right then I
arrange them so I can get them quick
perfect
so I start with the ACE ya piece I
played say needs to get the ball right
so I arranged to Spain in the clamps but
I tried to do it this way yeah first I
stake the Spence you see I don't work
with prestige so I always do mistakes I
doesn't matter me and now and then I get
some extra sympathy points right 1 2 3 4
yes the camera got it five six seven
eight nine ten
the jack oh I like that
yeah taken at all you have any one quick
quick
good and we switch this to the game ace
of diamonds and now look ace of diamonds
with guide so I find King of Spades
there was a place and here's King of
Spades correct yeah okay
now a little more difficult thing maybe
you think I have the cards in order
already so you help me to shuffle again
another suit please fun
[Music]
it was after the blindfold I like this
guy yeah okay that should be my end
effect but okay Aleman who said I'm only
you
I dropped the counts values which size
which size it's a piece of cake I like
challenges which size extra-large okay
say stop
yeah I'm on it okay
ah this is tough
okay assault I have clubs before space
and abyssal dinars perfect so in this
case I tried to to locate diamonds I
look at the cars and okay we try yeah
you help me if I drop the card face up
like this you you reverse it okay now
okay remove both hands and quick yes
good good
I think you have enough yeah good good
so here
diamonds caught no damage good good stop
do you see the pattern
no now yes yes okay I work with pattern
Oh sir I drop ah maybe it's important
yeah okay so now I always ask why do I
put myself in this position I have to
figure out so many outs when I made some
calls but I love it so now I will do it
I will try to find find the Diamonds but
I will do it the hard way it's too easy
to do it right away right I think I will
do it blindfolded at this distance it
works immediately
dog tape and look at shake the the cards
I don't yeah
good I like to import it empathetic but
it was did you hear it was women suppose
here the gap mobile yeah good yeah you
can take the notes intro because some
guys think
[Applause]
some guys think I can peek through the
nostril today for google
right good satisfied looks good like
Batman Oh
so with dignity and elegance right but I
like her
yeah I said B little B little tough and
it was okay one more
the last okay sorry
now you must agree that I'm I must rely
on other senses right I work with
vibration so what was the card diamonds
I memorized holes so now I had to what
we improvise again maybe I'll stand up
huh diamonds
I start with ace of diamonds just
kidding warming up King of Hearts and I
give you diamonds today so you put them
here in a nice row right and you can see
a pseudonymous yes to a tiger I never
ever miss - this is interesting
always I've found - but the wrong color
spades sorry and the deck is a gift to
you after so great the skeptic is here
in this guy examiner right remind me is
a gift to eight was two spades right
sorry - or diamonds I do it quick now
three three of diamonds
yes four I like challenges yes
yeah fun
yeah okay now this is maybe a little
tough
we will try yes
so how many counts five four is five the
next card it's not here oh so here all
the cards are face down you agree yes
you see that in the screen and this is
face of it and it's not that about here
so next card will be was it fiver yeah I
will reverse it face up here yes okay
six six with the thumb seven yeah I do
this I know where it is because I think
the four and then nine right yeah
yesterday the day before yesterday was
in Vegas and I use this actually nine
yeah great no yes over here
ten once again I love this yummy way no
yeah Jack you're sweet return yes Jack
of Diamonds correct yes Queen Queen with
Miss direction mr. Angier
and then king of the exact five seconds
yeah
5 5 seconds 1 2 3 4 in check it yes King
diamonds are touch me feel oh you know
ladies gentlemen and a green okay
[Applause]
[Music]
often when things are allowed the
freedom to take shape
they tend to reshape everything the
all-new BMW x6